1. Why Fluss is used as Flink State store? 
    a. To help in stream join operations Fluss is used as Flink State store
2. What is the problem with flink state store?
    1. When flink state is used for joining two streams, let's say 
    there is order stream and payment streams. We need to join both
    2. Order stream comes first and we are going store the order in flink state
    We receive payment stream after let's say 4 minutes. We have to store
    order stream data into flink state until this time. Which are going
    to occupy more flink state. Which causes process level issues while checkpointing
    Increasing GC pressure and increasing virtual memory consumption of the
    process. Eventually this causes flink to underperform for the realtime requirements
    This is the problem
3. How Fluss helps to resolve this problem?
    1. Now Instead of flink state store we use fluss as the state store
    2. We define schema in KV Table similar to materialised table that we are going to
    create after join operation in flink originally. 
    3. We use fluss client to insert the data into Fluss.
    Do we insert both stream data? Or single Stream?
    We insert both streams data 
    IN that case are we going to insert both streams into 2 separate tables or 
    a single table?
        We are going to insert them in a single table. We can insert in two tables as well
        but again fluss client  need to perform join operation across two tables, which is 
        again costly operation
    In that case how a single table can be used to insert all required records from two streams?
        1. Suppose we got order stream, we insert order,time, payment-id records into the fluss
        primary key table using fluss client
        2. We will be getting payment stream, from there we extract payment-id, timestamp 
        and payment status fields and add to the same table using fluss client
        3. Primary key table supports partial updates as well. Hence its going to insert the missed 
        records in the given row
    Now how flink will know that the complete record of an order including payment status received?
        1. Flink source is going to subscribe to changelog table. Which is going to send the 
        Change log events to the subscribers.
        2. This way flink needs to care about updated records which contains complete joined records of
        orders and payments
    Are there any other advantages wih this model?
        1. Flink become super light weight. Since its no need to bother about the state
        2. It can focus on buisiness logic
        3. Since state got externalised, any other flink job also can access the same state
        from outside

